README.md, before:

# frontend-challenge

Workmotion (www.workmotion.com) is a global HR platform enabling companies to hire & onboard their employees internationally, at the push of a button. It is our mission to create opportunities for anyone to work from anywhere. As work is becoming even more global and remote, there has never been a bigger chance to build a truly global HR-tech company.

As a part of our frontend engineering team, you will be responsible for building our core platform frontend

We're currently developing an employees managment system.

The employee have four different states including the following

- ADDED
- IN-CHECK
- APPROVED
- ACTIVE
- INACTIVE

Your task is to build a frontend application using React / Typescript including the following features.

- A simple UI listing the employees
  The application need to use an API endpoint to retrieve the employee's list, Unfortunately the API endpoint isn't developed yet, We recommend using a tool to mock your API with the following specification :

  - GET /employees/
  - POST /employees/
  - PATCH /employees/{employee_id}

- In Every employee row, there should be a component as per the provided picture which will be used to display the current state of this employee and by clicking on another state e.g. APPROVED , it should persist that change to this given employee.

![Employee's states](https://github.com/peopleflw/frontend-challenge/blob/main/states.png?raw=true)

## Solution

### Technologies used

- React
- Material UI framework

### How to start the application

- clone the repo on download the application, cd to project directory
- Install packages by executing `yarn` or `npm install`
- Run `yarn start` or `npm start` to start the application locally

Commit message:

Add server file to start start production build

README.md, after:

# frontend-challenge

Workmotion (www.workmotion.com) is a global HR platform enabling companies to hire & onboard their employees internationally, at the push of a button. It is our mission to create opportunities for anyone to work from anywhere. As work is becoming even more global and remote, there has never been a bigger chance to build a truly global HR-tech company.

As a part of our frontend engineering team, you will be responsible for building our core platform frontend

We're currently developing an employees managment system.

The employee have four different states including the following

- ADDED
- IN-CHECK
- APPROVED
- ACTIVE
- INACTIVE

Your task is to build a frontend application using React / Typescript including the following features.

- A simple UI listing the employees
  The application need to use an API endpoint to retrieve the employee's list, Unfortunately the API endpoint isn't developed yet, We recommend using a tool to mock your API with the following specification :

  - GET /employees/
  - POST /employees/
  - PATCH /employees/{employee_id}

- In Every employee row, there should be a component as per the provided picture which will be used to display the current state of this employee and by clicking on another state e.g. APPROVED , it should persist that change to this given employee.

![Employee's states](https://github.com/peopleflw/frontend-challenge/blob/main/states.png?raw=true)

## Solution

### Technologies used

- React
- Material UI framework

### How to start the application

- clone the repo on download the application, cd to project directory
- Install packages by executing `yarn` or `npm install`
- Run `yarn start-dev` or `npm run start-dev` to start the application locally
- To start production build, run `yarn build` or `npm run build` then run `yarn start` or `npm start`
